Serif
seriffont1.png: Libre Baskerville
seriffont2.png: Playfair Display
seriffont3.png: Source Serif Pro
seriffont4.png: Merriweather
seriffont5.png: Forum
seriffont6.png: Yesiva One
seriffont7.png: Luthier
seriffont8.png: Anaktoria
seriffont9.png: Kumar One
seriffont10.png: Noto Serif Display Medium

Sans Serif
sansfont1.png: Ubuntu
sansfont2.png: Roboto
sansfont3.png: Cooper Hewitt
sansfont4.png: Raleway
sansfont5.png: Antic
sansfont6.png: Lato
sansfont7.png: Gidole
sansfont8.png: Helveticish
sansfont9.png: Monserrat
sansfont10.png: Nunito


aria tags
local storage (or query parameters)
Lindsey Kopacz
tab navigation ("skip link")
mobile responsiveness: not using exact sizes (rem and em are pals)
emoji :linux-names:

